The Joe Rogan experience. Don't talk me through how this starts with you.
Have you, were you always religious your whole life?
Yes, I was. And then I, you know, then I hit high school. Yeah.
So, but yeah, you know, when you're a young man and you're, you know,
you're a superstar musician and you know, you live in a wildlife. What,
what was it that led you back to this?
Just a feeling in your life that there was more to life,
there was more to your position.
There was more to this idea of a calling that you felt like you
could do more and that it resonated with you more to, to,
to produce these Sunday services and to, to start thinking of,
of life in this way. Like you can improve things.
There. God knocked me off my horse. God like literally call me and said,
okay, now I need you. I need you right now. I need, I mean,
not that God needs needs me. We need God,
but he called me to serve him.
And I was tired of serving the music industry,
start tired of serving, you know, uh, filling up stadiums,
uh, you know, the last concerts and last tour I did,
we had a floating stage and, uh,
and actually it was a hanging stage, but it looked like it was floating.
And that's just another thing.
That's illusion where we need to dispel the illusion.
I wouldn't even call it the floating stage day.
But the whole thing about is people used to say how I would lose money on tours,
because I would put so much into the creative and I,
and I was like wanting to prove, but prove to who, you know,
prove to man prove to greedy people, you know,
that I could make more than anybody.
And that's like the gladiator position that all artists are put into.
Like we're in the middle of this Coliseum, let me show you,
I can kill more lions and tigers and bears and people and blah, blah, blah,
then than any other gladiator that happened. So that's what I'm,
that's what I was doing.
And then I remember talking to James Tarell and I was like at the top of my
lungs, like screaming about saving, uh,
saving ourselves and humanity and the reason why me and James needed to, uh,
connect. And then I went to, uh,
my show and then it's like my, like,
like my head popped back in the spirit jumped down and it felt like it was like
my mom talking. And the last thing I said was this thing is over.
And I'm saying it like, I sound like my mom, like Donda,
like that's something she would have said if she was in the physical form,
when she sees her son, you know, exhausted.
Like I just went through a, um, I had this, uh, fashion show.
We had this fashion show where we took over MSG and just broke all boundaries.
So 20,000, 16,000 seats and played the new album. And,
uh, uh, it was, you know, a thousand black people in the show and yeah,
like all the young thug plugging in the iPhone and, uh,
Travis and Cuddy dancing and had 50 cent they're JZ there,
Lamar Odom, the, uh, the first time that people, you know,
saw him and re uh, walk again, um,
was we walked together into the, uh, into the stadium. Uh, and he's,
cammo Yeezy jacket, all a head to toe. And the reason why that was so important,
it's like when he was in a coma, I would come by and play him the new music.
And once he was out of the coma,
he said that he remembered that music when he was in a coma.
And that was the album I was playing that day.
So that's the reason why me and Lamar, uh, walked in together.
And then the next, uh,
few months later I did a fashion show and it started 45 minutes late.
And the media, they just killed me. They LeBron to me, as I would say,
like when LeBron went to, uh, to, um, uh,
Miami and they said, you know, who are you to have a choice? You know,
like what, uh, one of my other heroes, Tom Brady, he, he left.
I didn't see no jerseys getting burned, like when LeBron,
uh, left. So then less than a week after that,
my wife is robbed in Paris.
And so we, we just, cause I'm,
I'm in the middle of a tour while I'm doing the fashion show while I'm doing
this. So we cancel the tour. Cause it's, it's very, you know, traumatic.
And then, you know,
we start the tour back up and we get back into it.
And then I just keep on saying, I want to go to Japan.
I just want to go to Japan because Japan is like a way that people treat there.
Isn't like this systemic racism embedded and every single
individual that's inside of the place, like in America, a black, white,
anything, there's a systemic, uh, white, white supremacy.
Like when I tag, you know,
white supremacy or we say this it's like the, yes,
that is America. That is the world. Currently.
We've been taught that my first superhero was Superman, you know?
And my dad was a black Panther, but you know,
when Disney makes black Panther, now when you look it up,
you don't see my dad protecting his neighborhood or snatching a
mic out of somebody's hand while they're lying. I don't know, you know,
like father, like son right there. Uh,
but you see this character that's made for
black people to idolize that was designed by white,
white person and put out by a white company.
So it's controlling the narrative to say,
we're going to show you Harry Harriet Tubman.
We're not going to show you not Turner. And they do it every,
they get Maleficent. Uh, um, they called her,
her race of people, the Morse and the more,
and I just saw it again. I was just like, yo,
if you erase our history, like most black people, we don't know where we come.
We think we came from slaves.
We don't know our bloodline and we're,
we're given black history month. And we take that like at some gift to us, no,
it's a programming to us. Ray says him,
doesn't end until we get to a point where we stop having to put the word black
in front of it, because it's like, we're, we're,
we're putting the rim a little bit lower for ourselves. Like it's when I say,
I'm the second wealthiest black man in America. Like,
why do I have to say that? Because, you know,
obviously if we just go on wealth period of, of what we call wealth,
like financial wealth, that score card, you know, I'll be like, I'm the,
I'm the 78th wealthiest man in America,
but we shouldn't have to have a special box a special month because
also what they show in black, black history month is us getting hosed down,
reminding us that we were slaves. Like, what if we had,
remember when I cheated on you month? Like, remember when you first found the,
found the text messages, remember how does that make you feel?
It makes you feel depleted and defeated. You know, it's, uh,
no matter what religion you are, where we can agree on as it is always now,
but now is the shortest moment of our life.
It's gone in an instant.
The longest moments of our life are our memories and our
imaginations. Think about how long a kid imagines Christmas before.
I mean, versus how long Christmas really is.
And when you think back to your Christmas,
are you under the table like Jim Carrey and eternal sunshine for the spotless
mind, like under a chair, or are you a giant, are you a king? Are you, what,
what, what black history month has told you? You are?
And this is me speaking to, uh, you know,
black people specifically in America that,
you know, I know people who would, you know, kill someone and,
uh, or have a gun or, you know, in,
in their own hood and be afraid to go downtown and literally be like
afraid of white people. Like the most gangster gang of gangsters,
wouldn't go downtown and that's just a programming,
but that program is a side of the curriculum. It's an, it's a side of the media.
It, and it, and it goes to this whole idea of yay.
When people say is Jay crazy, is Jay a narcissistic is Jay.
Uh, egomaniac is J self-absorbed of J all these, no, yay.
No who yay. Yes. I know who I am. And I'm not fin,
I'm not fin to bow to, uh,
to an idea that you want to have of me.
I am going to be the full idea that God has
of me. And when I do things that are that God don't like, I'm,
I'm, I'm, I'm being the lesser version of me. This is where,
you know, in my weakness, God becomes strong.
I have to be the higher me. When,
when people are Downing me, it's not like me fighting fire with fire,
me attacking, or it's you say, like, you know, stooping to,
uh, stooping to that level.
It's like the devil will use you against you.
You become your own. Uh, you become your own worst episodes.
Of the Joe Rogan experience are now free on Spotify. That's right.
They're free from September 1st is December 1st.
They're going to be available everywhere, but after December 1st,
they will only be available on Spotify, but they will be free.
That includes the video. The video will also be there. It'll also be free.
That's all we're asking. Just go download Spotify much. Buh-bye
okay.